hey what's up guys today i'll show you a
horror film a house that jack built
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
the movie begins with a horrifying
confession and conversation between
architect named jack and an unseen man
known as verge
jack a psychotic serial killer prepares
to share five random gruesome killing
incidents that he had committed in the
past 12 years of his life
reminiscing the moments of killing jack
boasts the first incident by stating how
he victimizes a woman
while jack is driving towards the
pacific northwest an unknown lady
crosses his way asking for help for her
malfunctioning vehicle
at first jack resists offering some
support but the woman insists
she convinces jack to give her a ride to
the repair shop to fix the broken
equipment from his vehicle
this talkative woman even mocks him for
being a serial killer while they get to
the shop
upon arriving the woman begs one more
time to drive her back to her car
jack begins to lose his patience
immediately grabs the broken jack and
strikes it at the woman's face
based on jack's actions we can infer
that he has an obsessive-compulsive
disorder leading to repetitive murders
and killings he believes that there is a
hidden artwork for any murder
as he stresses the old cathedrals often
have sublime artworks hidden away in the
darkest corners for only god to see
the same goes for murder
then he also shares how he dreams of
being an architect and how he purchased
a building lot before the incident of
killing the lady
right after murdering the lady she then
places the corpse in an industrial
freezer a room that is filled with dead
bodies
as we can notice the scene shows a
random man playing the piano which
depicts the belief of jack that the
repetitive murders he is doing are
considered art and purposeful
afterward he continues sharing his
autobiography and this opens the second
incident
at the beginning of the second story
jack deceives an older woman named
claire that he is an insurance agent
he fabricates details of being a police
officer and an insurance representative
that could potentially increase the
pension
though the older woman is hesitant and
suspicious jack captures her heart and
convinces her with such lies
he then attempts to enter the woman's
house and execute the plan
without a doubt the woman permits him to
enter her house only if he will double
her pension in just a blink of an eye he
quickly attacks her inside and strangles
her to death
but claire appears to be still breathing
and alive after the first instance of
choking
he feels apologetic and even offers some
chamomile juice to the older woman
but his ocd behavior shifts again and he
finally ends her life by stabbing the
woman's chest
later he places the woman in a chair and
takes photos before packing them in the
van
he cleans every hint of killings by
wiping all the blood stains on the floor
and walls and arranging the things in
place
the atmosphere gets intense when jack
hears the siren of the police's car
he speedily clears everything and makes
sure that this man will not figure out
the said murder
he puts the corpse away from the vehicle
anticipating that the police officer
will check his car
the set officer arrives at the scene
with no marks of crime in the location
he then investigates jack's vehicle to
see if there are any bodies left in the
car
but jack expects this to happen so he
places the corpse secretly and saves
himself from being the primary suspect
to avoid being accused of the said event
he misleads the investigation by
providing false information and
observations
the officer stops him and suggests he
leaves the place since none is part of
his business
suddenly the serial killer ties claire's
dead body face down to the back of his
van while the police officer is
searching for something
he rapidly drives back to his house and
stores the dead body in his industrial
freezer
he even worries about the blood stains
on the road but celebrates when the rain
pours out from the sky
in this scene we can discover how rain
becomes a blessing and an escaping
element for jack after washing the clues
of the murder on the road
a drop of water erases the trail of
blood found in the road eliminating the
possibilities of being caught
he emphasizes how he sees killing his
liberation for him and the pleasure of
destruction
the next day jack strangles another lady
and hits an older woman because he is
not satisfied with the previous photos
he believes that his ocd diminishes
every time blood drops from killing
an obsession arises in taking photos of
the remains of his victim and labels
himself as mr sophistication
the third incident occurs when jack
dates a single parent with two kids
they go on a picnic trip out to a field
and do some hunting
jack eventually instructs the older kid
regarding the proper usage and aim of
the gun
a horrible circumstance emerges when
jack tries to hunt the mother and
children
the next seconds reveal the sound of a
firearm with the young boy lying on the
grass
the sociopath architecture kills the
young boy which causes a woman to
startle and hide her other son
as a mother she approaches to help her
wounded son
shortly the murderer mercilessly
triggers his hunting rifle again
shooting the younger son's head with his
psychotic behavior he forcefully set up
a picnic with this lady together with
the dead bodies of the two kids beside
them
later he also assassinates the woman and
takes one of the dead sons with him
he brings the young boy's corpse and
remodels it like a mannequin that is
smiling and waving
as we can notice jack kills passionately
with no signs of guilt and regret the
scenario puts jack to the test when
meeting a single parent which offers him
hope for love from a family but the
killer's evil side still prevails by
hunting and murdering all of them this
only concludes how irredeemable jack is
and how he lacks love in all ways
following the death of the family is the
existence of jack's fourth killing
incident in this story he highlights how
a naive lady entirely captivates his
heart he is non-threatening in the
beginning as he hobbles with a crutch
towards the lady
with such gentleness he makes jacqueline
believe that no harm will be inflicted
and convinces her that leaving her is
not one of his plans
hence they enjoy the night by conversing
with each other in a drinking session
he seems to be crude after sexual
remarks of complimenting her body
as the night gets darker the
conversation gets intense after jack
suddenly admits his wrongdoings
he declares to her that he has already
killed 60 people
jacqueline laughs and assumes that this
man is simply weird
tension emerges because of those
arguments which came from a simple thing
a few moments later jack requests and
borrows a magic marker
then he gently pulls the dress of the
woman down to witness the melons
he gently touches the breasts and traces
them with a red inked pen
the lady is confused and disappointed
with what she expects to happen
after realizing the strange behavior and
gesture of the serial killer she swiftly
goes inside and seeks help
jacqueline encounters a police officer
and reports what the killer admitted
but the police officer does not believe
her for being drunk
consequently the sociopath architect
follows and interrupts the said
conversation he declares that he killed
60 people and that he is a terrible
human being
unfortunately the police officer leaves
considering that all the information
said was just an outcome of their
drunkenness
the changing behavior of jack radiates
again crying and asking for forgiveness
from jacqueline
he begs and pretends to regret all the
killings he intentionally does
while he falls asleep from being drunk
jacqueline strives to find pills to help
him
she then sees the moment as an
opportunity to escape
unlucky as she is the door is locked and
jack is now awake standing right in
front of her
she concludes that jack is the mr
sophistication in the news and shouts
for rescue
we can surmise how jack reflects on
himself as being a killer to kill is to
satisfy himself
contemplating the areas of his actions
he emphasizes why the male always
appears to be criminals of all time
and wonder men seem to be figures of
failure while women are always victims
she screams as loud as she can but only
receives a deafening silence
thereafter jack yields meaning to his
fourth killing
he executes the motive by tying first
the hands and covering the lady's mouth
with a cloth
the violent behavior stands out again
when he chooses a knife and
unhesitatingly cuts the breast
it creates a coin purse made from the
breast skin and leaves the other one to
the police officer's windshield
with these three incidents verge notices
a pattern and starts questioning how
jack views women as the common element
of his murder
based on the characters actions we can
infer how mr sophistication believes in
a theory that women are more recessive
and more cooperative whenever he intends
to kill them that is why the randomly
chosen events are mostly women which
indeed invokes pride and superiority for
himself we can also agree that the said
killer is manipulative and misogynistic
for his maltreatment and brutal killings
towards women
lastly the fifth incident of brutal
killing unfolds when jack selects a
random man
as part of rectifying his anxiety with
murder he forcefully chooses and detains
random guys for an experiment from the
past
he ties these men and lines their heads
up in a row
his definition of satisfaction is to
kill these people with just one bullet
as glorification
however only one shot is powerful enough
to make this possible and this bullet is
a full metal jacket round bullet
jack tries to search for this type of
bullet from the store but the seller
denies it because of illegal use
he then visits his old friend sb for the
same reason of getting one bullet
unfortunately this old friend points a
gun convincing him to give up his weapon
and surrender to the police officers
he steadily points the rifle towards
jack while attempting to contact the
police but the serial killer is wise and
clever
he tricks this old friend using their
memories and friendships from yesterday
he convinces him to stop pointing and
threatening him
as expected when the old friend tries to
approach him the serial killer cuts his
throat mindlessly
when the contacted police officer
arrives at the crime scene
jack takes his life as well and steals
his vehicle
next he rushes to his freezer to
continue the unfinished business and
unfulfilled satisfaction
the movie ends with the psychotic serial
killer who attempts to shoot detained
men's heads in the freezer
upon trying to trigger the rifle a voice
distracts him
and a man figure suddenly appears named
verge
he then creates a house made up of his
victim's cadaver
not long after another police officer
arrives and ruins the freezer
he intends to shoot jack which leads the
serial killer to explore another journey
verge finally leads jack down through
the facets of lower health
as we can remember jack confesses and
shares stories of killing to a voice
the man behind that voice is actually
verge who is inspired and based on a
roman poet virgil who leads dante to
inferno
verges sends him to the nine circles of
hell with the hope of seeing any remorse
regrets and redemptions within him
he also shows a meadow scenery to jack
which leads him to recalibrate his
innocence during his childhood then jack
remembers all his victims with tears in
his eyes but is it a sign of regret or
pride
they reach the deepest and farthest part
of hell as he seeks a glimpse of
redemption
they finally cross a broken bridge that
leads to either heaven or hell
he then attempts to climb up the
stairway to heaven but eventually falls
as irredeemable as he is he fails
because he refuses to understand his
wrongdoings and only perceives them as
artistic expressions jack slips and
eventually resides in the lake of
eternal suffering
metaphorically speaking virgil's
presence serves as the conscience of the
psychotic serial killer he is the
guiding voice who strives to save the
hopeless soul and heart of jack
there are times when verge scrutinizes
him for his actions so that by the time
jack crosses the bridge he will realize
and carry his redeeming factor
the psychological horror film
effectively orchestrates and depicts the
theme of misogyny narcissistic and ocd
behavior gruesome killings and
self-awareness
oblivion and lack of moral
justifications take a major spot in the
completion of the said masterpiece by
lars von trier known as the house that
jack built
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out